---
title: "Launched today: Please buy to support families hitting hard times & enjoy cooking our favourite family meals to nourish yours"
date: 2019-06-04T08:41:02
slug: 1830-2
author: Rach
tags:
  - DietitianApproved
  - DietitiansEats
  - DietitiansWeek
  - FamilyFood
  - MealIdea
featuredImage: /images/uploads/2019/06/img_3207.jpg
excerpt: "TODAY IS LAUNCH DAY – PLEASE BUY, SHARE AND PROMOTE- CLICK LINK IN BIO to Buy I’d like to share with you a project that…"
permalink: /1830-2/
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

TODAY IS LAUNCH DAY – PLEASE BUY, SHARE AND PROMOTE- CLICK LINK IN BIO to Buy

I’d like to share with you a project that I have been working on with 25 other Dietitians.

☀️ [https://sowl.co/LW3vl](https://sowl.co/LW3vl)

This is our e-recipe book that we are selling to raise money for the Trussell Trust.

The idea behind the project is that people can help to support families in need whilst feeding their own.

The Trussell Trust is a food poverty advocacy and aid group and provides families in need, with a 3-day emergency food parcel at one of their 1200 food bank centres across the UK so that they do not go hungry. They also work as an advocacy group.

The food parcels that the Trussell Trust distribute, contain non-perishable items that can be donated by the public at a range of places that include, supermarket collection points, churches, schools and businesses.

With the UK being one of the largest economies in the world, it seems unimaginable that food poverty would affect so many individuals in the population. According to a recent report (January 2019) by the Environmental Audit Committee, food insecurity and poverty levels are expected to keep increasing, reaching some of the worst levels in Europe, with children being most affected. As many as 1 in 5 children under 15 years of age are living in a home experiencing food insecurity; a shocking statistic.

We wanted to help.

So we have developed a charity recipe e-book, which is available to download for £3.99.

We are taking no money at all for this project, all proceeds go to the charity.

The e-booklet is 54 pages long and we asked each Dietitian to contribute their favourite meal that they cook with their family.

What do you get for your £3.99?

\-25 “family friendly” evening meals that shouldn’t take too long to prepare and cook

\-Mostly for 4 servings

\-A mix of plant-based and non-plant-based meals and 2 bonus cookie recipes!

\-(Plus that feeling of knowing you’ve helped @trusselltrust)

Please help support the project by buying a copy – just £3.99.

#whatdietitiansdo #teamtrussell #trusselltrust #dietitianapproved #dietitiansweek #dietitiansofinstagram #dietitianeats #familyfood #familyfavourites #kidsfood
